I can't pay rent with the things once a
pumpkin and the size guardian coins
they're not worth and in God those coins
these coins are work gazillion human
dollars okay there's a gazillion you're
rich been doing billion because no one
will exchange the go to the market set
up a store we are right yeah Asgardian
where previously owned by four I'm a
celebrity that will sell like hotcakes
you might need to think about getting a
getting a job good job serious yeah I
have a job no my job is I saved the
planet yet maybe you should get a job I
have a job really reading the machine
with the words that come out of it all
this is knowledge knowledge is power no
it's not knowledge is not power that's
power the brain is a muscle and that's a
muscle and that's a muscle there you're
all muscles this is all muscle so I am
covered in brains and I'm more brains
than you so you think maybe we could
just think that we need to serve it I
don't think we can get a surgeon get a
servant week a day we didn't get also
getting a service Marvel's Doctor
Strange on digital employee